# Table of Contents #
## As of Siren 3.2 ##

1. CSS
	- Contains the CSS files, the SASS directory, and the POLYFILL directory
	- TOC included
2. DOCS
	- Contains the Javascript documentation in YUI format.
	- Generated by YUIDoc Grunt Plugin
	- View in browser for best experience
5. IMAGES
	- Contains the images for the project and two sub-directories for storing the raw image files prior to Optimization and/or Responsive Image creation
	- IMAGESRC : For images that need to be optimized
6. INCLUDES
	- For PHP files containing markup snippets such as the header.php and footer.php files
	- TOC included
7. JS
	- Contains the project Javascript files. 
	- Seperated into Production and Development files.
	- TOC included
8. Music
	- Stores music files in direction album
	- Stores ZIP of album for download
9. NODE_MODULES
	- Contains the Node Modules for Grunt and its plugins


### Files ###
1. index.php
	- First page for Listening Site
	- Has Password form
2. listen.php
	- Main page for Listening Site
	- Has music player and management information
3. nope.php
	- Page for when the password enterred is incorrect
4. .htaccess
	- Sample .htaccess. Contains code for rewritting URLs to drop the ".php" extension and some simple cacheing. 
5. Gruntfile.js
	- The projects Gruntfile. By default the Gruntfile includes the plugins:
		- grunt-contrib-watch : For automating Grunt tasks during file changes.
		- grunt-contrib-uglify : For Uglifiing Javascript and concatenating files
		- grunt-contrib-compass : For running compass tasks and processing the SCSS
		- grunt-contrib-jshint : For checking for javascript errors
		- grunt-contrib-imagemin : For optimizing images
		- grunt-contrib-yuidoc : For autogenerating Javascript documentation as formated in the comments
6. config.rb 
	- The Compass configuration file.
	- Processed CSS is compressed by default but can be processed normally for debugging.
7. README.md
	- The Readme file you are currently reading.
8. LICENSE.txt
	- An MIT License
9. robots.txt
	- Edit as needed
10. package.json
	- The JSON file handling Node packages for Grunt
11. yuidoc.json
	- The JSON file configuring the YUI Javascript Documentation